okay okay so we have printed out a bunch
of new
stuff uh let's
um I kind of want to
what the
hell is it just like a
there we
go okay yeah so here's what we got oh
[__]
okay okay
so oh yeah I I guess I forgot to I did
some
designing
um last night and I realized the feeder
mechanism that I was doing was like
totally misguided and the reason for
that
is this is pitch we need yeah we need
pitch if we enable this feeder and we
disable and we
disable the feed block
and the spur gear no not the spur gear
the okay well anyways let me get my
mouse and the
uh oh my mouse is upstairs hold
on
e for
okay the hell there we
go
um
so ignore the fact that this has an
extrusion on there if you look at
this um this
feeder is connected to this top plate
but that means that if we P if we uh
control the pitch this will no longer be
aligned so you have to have it all
connected to this assembly so that's
why this is totally
bad and you actually just need a feed
block okay so I have
this so that's sort of an update on the
mechanical design the
cad so I have some of it printed out we
just need to print out the top
plate uh and we made the top plate 2 mm
thicker so hopefully it's going to
deform a lot less so I'm thinking of
something like this where I have just a
hopper and then I cut the top of it
slightly um of course if you cut the top
of it you don't want them to spill so
you're sort of limited by your
angle
um okay so what we're going to
do is we're going to
take out this
assembly and then we are going to take
out uh
this I believe these are
M5 it's not the right one here's the
right
one so these flywheels are too
big well they're actually really good
size but
I'm very impressed with how um
so is this going to be okay we might
need to go and get much much longer
wire and then I am hoping today I can
get something that's clip worthy cuz I
didn't get anything that was was really
worth demonstrating yesterday it was all
just design and
failures
whoa okay so yeah so with these over
there it I mean it could fall over but
it's going to be a lot better but I
would still think this is the best
bro the fact that I found somewhere
yesterday that sells pla was literally a
lifesaver I mean it was expensive stuff
it was like it ended up being literally
$25 a roll Kid you not which is pretty
brutal to be honest
but you
know you can gouge if you're the only
place in
town where are we
there we go
okay this is sort of a Moment of Truth
here we're going
to take these guys out because we don't
need the these flywheels are too big
actually wait are they too
big they oh you know why they're too
big because they collide with the
gear but the thing is
yeah these are only
maybe slightly smaller maybe actually we
can check
that so
um ball
shooter is it pitched
I think it's ball
shooter and then if we look at the
flywheel
design oh wait we can just do oh I I'm
so glad I designed this thing right look
at all these parameters baby look at all
these
parameters flywheel diameter ended up
being 66 before it was 75 so it's
not it's not all that much but I
think um
I think it might make a pretty
significant difference I I feel like
there's some because the
um I think the tangential velocity is
related to the
square is that true I think I might be
tripping
e
hey
flly wheel numero doors
Jesus
for
all right
okay
okay it's decently
stable can I put something under
it that's pretty
stupid that'll
work okay now let's get a
ball oh this is not going to work at
all it's going to be propelled with the
wrong spot yeah so I don't know why I
design that's so
poor I don't know why I just like
randomly made it bigger last
night e
sh
e
e e
sh I
sh Double
Cup okay
okay
so it will Propel it but it's going to
yeah it's going to roll so we you
probably need to redesign
that um
yeah I don't know why I made the
hole so
big okay so let's just make that change
if anything what I can do is I can
like I don't know we just need like a
tiny little piece of wood to put under
it and drill some holes into
it let's just fix the
design uh um it's probably not in this
okay so let's do
this
okay
um oh it's in ball shooter
okay so it's activate feed
block I in place did
I okay yeah I thought I
made okay so we need to
change po
pop
pop said
this does not need to be 30 it needs to
be damn it it's so annoying that we
don't get a
Okay then if we finish the
sketch see what's up with that so is
that just a
sketch so what is this see it's a Arc
why isn't it a
circle radius 12 that's 25 okay that's
pretty good so that fixes our problem
there but
now a
sh yes so we want this to
be wait can we just make a
I say
three then this what did I do I
said uh why is it
16 the height to the bottom
of the height to the bottom of okay so
we
take take this go to here this is 16
wait I want to go
to oh yeah I made this tangent not this
tangent
cuz that can actually go under
it so I
wonder you can edit that
joint well okay so it's the sketch on
here okay I'm going to try to do some
surgery we're going to also fix this um
cuz see if it
was if it was
forward I still want it to be maybe like
um
10 okay
um then this bottle might be too wide
then cuz that's pretty nice so maybe
we'll make that top
one but then how do you how do you how
do you
is it a
loft do they have to
be do they have to be uh uh parallel
planes
I wonder so okay so what happens when we
if we change
this this sketch and we make this um
what do we say 30
again then this one is going to be
30 but if we change the
sweep taper
single
path guide surface
[Music]
wait wait where is the
path can
I let's
um infusion I have a block
or a
box top face has a circle in the center
and on a
adjacent vertical
face I have another
centered
Circle
um with a diff
radius I want I made a mid
plane and then made an arc a
tangent
Arc
um between the centers of the circles I
want to
sweep
but it's kind of a loft where the exit
hole
vertical
is
the
radius is its own
radius so the ID of the sweep changes
along the path
guide rail let's try
that why can't
I why can't I see it though
okay so this is
30 this is
30 and
um oh wait oh wait that's
why okay so let's uh yeah
guide
R the path is not
smooth can we try Loft let's try
Loft so I'm going to go back one and I'm
going to try
Loft no not whole Loft wait and we don't
see our sketch here why don't we see our
sketch
here what is what is going
on but where is the
circle why isn't that visible
okay so we're going to try to
Loft
hello I just clicked
Loft what the fck is going on
BL literally what the [__] is going
on oh [__]
whatever for
okay
loft there we go okay so wait profiles
this and
now uh
rails going be
this what dude yes it
does are you literally freaking joking
me right now
but does it let me select
it
whoa wait how is this
oh wait but it
oh Center Line there we
go I think that's
it bro Loft dude hell
yeah that's exactly what I wanted loft
is so
powerful cool
okay and now let's just make sure that
our height is correct so we can delete
this this is 26
that should be
good it's uh it's four and a half
higher I kind of want it higher than
that I kind of want to make this
Extrusion
like
60 and then this nope sorry finish SK um
this
35 so now okay let's save this I feel
like 35 is way way way too high but
let's update this and just sort of
visualize yeah so let's cut the
difference split the
diff get 30
that seems pretty good okay but now
let's try to do our surgery right so wa
let's look at it right on so it's a
little bit
higher um okay wait we want to do our
surgery though which is we need to
activate the
holder and then this most recent sketch
I
believe wait what
what is going on
here okay so let's activate the
holder this
sketch
wait no it's not
what even is
this oh oh right okay
wait is it this
sketch no it's not where am I oh did I
project
these I really don't think I did cuz
there's that 75
rectangle okay so wait where is this
feature in the
timeline where is that Extrusion oh it's
that yeah so we did
some no but where's the sketch for
it I don't get that oh wait there it is
oh we okay so
we projected this no but that I remember
doing that sketch that's why I'm so
bugged
out there it
is oh
wait can I just move that sketch
to
there
no okay well what happens if we okay
wait so let's activate this go to the
end this is the sketch That's So
Random yeah you can't move it bit that's
that's
fine okay so what we want to do
actually is
remove the coincident we want to make a
rectangle that's on
here it's uh these two things oh this
sketch line and this sketch line are
midpoint then the distance of this
sketch line
is
40 um
um and
now if we look at it from the
top yeah this is not t so what we want
to do is we want to make this point
so is it that coincident constraint or
that go I don't know how to read
this how do I wait if I delete
this
no how do I get it
back so it's that
one so now this is like
that and then this one we also delete
however this and this a
coincident and
this this and this are coincident okay
so now it's locked in place so if we
finish
sketch and then we turn on the feed
block right so we want to just okay so
it we don't want it to be tangent
because that
is well we could we can make it tangent
and then just fill it
that edge what happens if we just do
this
there we
go now if we look at this face to here
we have 2 mm of clearance which is
perfect should we make it
lower okay let's make it like uh let's
go back
to this sketch to make it like
26 what I literally didn't even do
anything okay it was just
buggy I feel like we want it to be
centered now that it's so close we maybe
want it to be centered with like a
millimeter extra so if we go back in
here what was it before it was like 16 +
5.5
21 and then let's do just like plus
three let we
update sure do we just make it
centered how much is it going to
drop you know how long is it traveling
in the air
basically can I just edit this in
place oh that's so sick edit in place is
so nice so let's just make this um
plus 1.5
that seems pretty
perfect and it travels for longer so
it's going to
be
yeah all
right for
all right so should we do a
test we have everything we need to do a
test uh
okay all right
so we need to turn everything around
okay
okay so
[Music]
I'm just going to tape wait you can't
see as far back as possible okay I think
I'm just going to get some electrical
tape and
tape the board
on um I just want to ask chache
BT I have a
motor driver the wires are messy to
carry
around I want to use electrical tape to
tape the motor driver to the red rad
board is that should be fine
right oh these
fats well let me just tape the block
then the L Joshua
block okay
so voice things
for we do
this that
I need to um
okay now now this can be moved around as
one
thing which is
nice so now there's only really three
things that play when there's four it's
basically
impossible to do anything
that had a kill a
lot what did I put
the we don't really need to kill lot
anymore
okay okay so what is going on
here we're going to have
this this and then we need our micro USB
cable yeah I spent so much money on this
project it's crazy
I don't even want to know what the total
is honestly probably I me if you include
the 3D print it's probably like 2
2K okay so
um so let's do
a
code let me try to just
uh get Pole
okay so uh we go to
Pico a d Pico
DC IMO ramp is that the yeah and then
let's just make this
10% um so we're good right this is we
have to
do so let's turn on the power
supply this is
on let's go to
this connection to board established run
is that visible on
cam oh yeah you need
a stop
I don't know
why they take so oh the ramp the ramp up
is uh can we change the ramp up
duration it's 10% power is so little
that it
uh nice
okay so let's go back to 100% power
okay so it definitely
um does not go as far as it used to I'm
going to try to put one in
okay so let's
[Music]
um I got to get my I got to get the box
we're just going to have to do
cleanup
okay so what I'm going to do is I'm
actually going
to take off the feed
block actually I wonder if I could
do this that's cool I want to try that
so let's take off the feed block CU
we're going to need to reprint that for
the show
oh wait
okay this is going to be
sick you don't really get to see where
it goes let's um
[Music]
I caught it bro I caught it that's so
sick
[Music]
whoa it went under the
roof shot it under the roof man that's
so hyped
[Music]
ha okay so wait uh okay so I thought of
something that I actually need to do
[Music]
honestly it's pretty reliable
eh it's not that reliable it needs
[Music]
to yeah depending on how I put it in
there and how it makes contact with the
[Music]
um yeah so I mean
we'll just have to very carefully
control
that
e e
um 30 minutes still for two layers
bro um
hey oh yeah I'll
uh let's see where are my
keys thanks
what
e
e e
feel like something ran loose I'm not
sure
what but it did not seem like things
were doing what they needed to be
[Music]
doing oh that's fine okay
so what do we need to do we probably
want
to
fix
the we probably want to fix the cuz I
want to do a big print of the bottom
plate so if we open
up uh it's going to be in face Tracker 2
and it's assem it's
assembly is that where bottom plate
lives if I open up ball shooter
assembly um so the pitch yeah right okay
so that's fine we'll just update
that dude I was I'm so happy with how
Loft work Loft was look at that look at
that
profile that's great so now we just
need
to fix
bottom plate so if we look at
y'all and then we look at bottom
plate oh you know I might have broken
this
link we do
open where does this live
this is grounded but it's not linked or
anything okay so what I want to know is
can I
make okay so let's activate this okay so
it's not the worst in the
world but
basically well let me look at the full
assembly we look under
here I'm pretty sure there's nothing
stopping us from making the walls
thicker so we do
this yeah so oh you know what would be
cool okay well first off let's
um I don't know what I changed getting
these saves all right is really strange
to
me well and the weird thing is that if I
do this I have
no I have no
parameters that's so ridiculous so okay
so we have to do it in here but now what
I want to know is where are all of
the uses of this parameter I wonder if
there's a thing to do that
so if I change this to
five but I'm pretty sure that
this okay so now though
let's see which direction did that
Extrusion
happen it went
down so I think maybe it's fine
right this sketch
so maybe it's fine did the height of
this
change you select this
face
and this pH and now it's
55 and I think if we look
at this which has not been updated
this is 53 okay so that's actually good
that's sort of the direction that we
wanted it to be because that means that
none of the rest
changed so is there any other changes we
want to make to the bottom plate I feel
like the bottom plate is fine oh well
maybe one thing I was thinking of is
making the pillars a bit
thicker so this becomes
a little bit annoying damn as a as
things
scale well maybe I should just add more
of
them increases the friction but it will
mitigate the deformation for
sure but is it going to be harder to get
in there is the question I don't think
so I think it'll be fine we just have to
add more screws though which is kind of
annoying so we need to print Fasteners
we'll definitely need
well I just need to go by a bunch of
metric bolts
okay
so um
and then how did I do
the there must be another circular
pattern is that
is it
this I don't understand why this is a no
that's not
right e
what happens when something gets
highlighted how do I find it can I
search in the timeline for a circular
pattern let's ask I I actually want to
know is there
is there a way infusion
to
um find all instances of
circular
pattern wait
what okay wait let's do a Sid trck and
write a fusion script that prints out is
there a way in the fusion API to print
out each event in the
timeline
okay let's try
it let's try it
wait how do we get
input okay so let's just uh this just
prints out each event wait but we don't
want it to
print well let's see what does print do
where does that where does it pipe
standard out I have no
idea okay so let's run it
yeah wait
um change
it so that the prce actually append a
string that
displays in a message
box
okay cuz I want to find the circular
pattern and there's so many things here
and I'm wondering if it's
even oh there it is okay well we found
it but now I'm really curious if
I C
pattern event one sketch one C
pattern oh dude this is so sick man the
scripting is like hype as hell so let's
just
say event index timeline object.
name
yeah
right so this is a timeline object
design timeline
okay so wait so wait we we want to open
up
[Music]
fusion class
design okay now we want class so wait
let's go
down to where all
these timeline get timeline here this
returns a timeline so okay class Tim
line and what we want to
know okay so wait
um great how can I
provide I wonder if I can like select so
we want to select and then we want
to how I provide user
input string to search
I love that it's Python and it's
not like its own
thing
because yeah that that was a great
decision I mean it's not like they
predicted llms but the fact that it
knows how you
know you don't have to do any like
prompt for
dude I'm getting so I'm getting so
goated
what uh for
so it just selects all of the can I do
that so if I do this there like this
yeah so let's just select so it selects
all of the uh
of course it didn't
um it sometimes ignores my little
changes well actually did I even yeah I
didn't even
uh I didn't even tell it so we just need
to go up here
oh that's so
sick in argument must be
a oh wait
um dude this is going to be so sick
it didn't
work so wait uh there but there probably
is a method so let's a fusion move to
beginning that's nice so that's the time
I move to move to next step is there a
select oh returns a timeline object so
wait
so wait can we do this
again so this is a timeline
object so then class class timeline
object
get health state is nice dude the
scripting API of fusion is
powerful holy crap bro that is so that
is so
good so wait how do you select it
because I feel like that didn't
work maybe it's maybe you don't I mean I
don't see anything of how is it doing
it I don't know
what time item is selected
I think that it I
oh wait did it
fail oh the print is done
I don't know why unload never works okay
but it's done so that means we can build
this
thing um what is it that I want to
do I want to
um I want to figure out how to
select
[Music]
um I don't think that's right so why
don't okay wait
instead of input which to select just
select all of
them but um select timeline event
fion a it's so not
searchable samples
active selection event what is that
what was it called time was it called
timeline event I don't think it was I it
was called something
else see this is with the actual
D does he there's no API for
uh yeah there's no API for
uh for
I already looked at this though this
didn't have
anything
for
e
e e
sh look at that look at that that is
definitely stronger than this
thing 5 m is definitely a better
thickness e
okay so oh but you know
what um
I can think of an issue with changing
the wall thickness so maybe I'll print
that
later honestly it's not like that
deformed it's only like kind of
deformed so wait let's um
okay so what do we need to
do is we need to disassemble this whole
thing
okay we'll need
that
now what
I love that things give you Allen
wrenches I need millions of Allen
wrenches cuz they're you could just tell
that that's like the easiest thing to
lose
ever plus you just kind of want them all
you just kind of want a bunch of them
okay okay
uh we do need this bottom gear
though okay
and then I guess we would just reuse
these m6s cuz they're good
okay so let's
um oh yeah I lost
one oh but these might not
be tall enough
unfortunately no we want to get this
bearing out of here
because use them
oh
sh
no oh wait okay I found it all right
that's
okay I wonder if we
can I
mean this thing is so
squashed but
whatever it'll be fine
so what do we need to do the first thing
we need to do is we need to take
this I need to screw this under
here for
so hard to
tell all right I remember how you do
this you do
this twice so you make this pretty long
okay oh I
missed I thought I had it
[Music]
okay right so now you can see yeah you
can see that but that's fine
it would actually be helpful if I
extruded these not if I just extrude
them all the way through CU then you can
shine a light through it should I do
that that's such a good idea
can't
tell which one there it
is so I press this in
yeah this is so stupid
okay that's on there so now
uh we want a our
bolt oh yeah and then this
bolt
right would need to be
longer where's the other one here's the
other
one okay so now this
rotates so now we just just need to get
these
guys and is these going to be long
enough almost certainly
not good enough oh
wait why did I do this you need to put
these on first wait this is not
so see if you do this
let me put this on here
okay that's
one
and
two that's annoying that I lost one of
these hex notes
um I thought I threw it
in
somewhere no I remember hearing it
drop that thing might be gone for way oh
my God it hell
yeah okay now put this
on okay motor
time wait the
motor needs to
be this
side that's very important
where did I put
the this one I don't think it's that
one no it's not that
one it's this one
okay very
good take the
flat slip the flat
on to
there there is no way I need to use m5s
for this thing that is so freaking
Overkill
man
cool the Moment of Truth oh wait we need
to actually do one more thing which is
we
need this
okay oh yeah and then yet again another
terrible design we whenever you do this
mounting self-tapping
screws you need to make sure that you
can align them otherwise it's like what
the hell are we doing
actually it does go all the way through
it's got to be
okay
all
right wait why don't I do
this H yeah what okay I need to document
the actual assembly process cuz this is
getting real
silly okay so we have this let we take
this off
okay then we put this
[Music]
on and
then take this and we put this in
here okay then we can move
If We Hold this
down okay we need to tighten down that
screw
oop that's got to be a little bit
better oh but I stripped
it wait Did
I oh no but it's spinning in there
I don't know what
happened okay well let's try it
again get this
uh I need to make that
longer I just need to not use m5s for
that that is I used m5s because I wanted
to match the shaft diameter but there's
just no reason to do that that is so
Overkill okay so let's get this
okay
one and
not bad not bad except for this
[Music]
okay let's take it
out not going to
work we need to uh I'm going to rescrew
in the
um the gear
oh man I don't know how we're going to
do
this maybe we just have to force it out
of
here cuz it's just spinning in there
that's the first time that's happened to
me oh I actually broke the screw that's
what
happen that's random as hell
that's crazy that I broke the
screw oh I don't want to break the
pillar I don't want to break the thing
that holds that goes into the bearing
for
what do you do in this
scenario can't believe I broke this
thing man
something
really for
oh I forgot to s that
out e
thisiss of me
off what if I try to just like screw
into there
I don't think this is going to work
because there's nothing for it to grab
on to all that material has been
[Music]
removed yeah
what is going on
pissing me
all I feel like it's not even in there
that like I I don't understand why it
won't just slide
up for
this was not on my list
of the things to go
wrong oh was cuz there was some support
in there that came out and it's
like that got compressed and that's why
it was like bowed outwards like
that we just try to print a new
gear but
I
me come
on see how could I do this for
real e
can I make it work that's the problem is
now I can't even push it back
in I need to get that freaking plastic
out of there
what do I need I need like a long thin
blade you know what I'm going to go get
a
knife use the right tool try to clean it
out
okay let's see if I can just uh
you can't see anything
man for
I wonder if I
can I'm going to go try to put this in
the vice I
think how is that going to
work let's take off the
uh yeah let's take everything off and
we're just going to
this is so lame
it might work it might just break
everything
what the
fck okay so now this is out what I'm
imagining is I put this in the vice
these two and then I just clamp the hell
out of it and hopefully
whatever is going on
with the threads it just breaks whatever
plastic is holding the threads in and
then we just use one thread but at least
it'll be close enough together where it
won't hit the
um and by clamping it down maybe and
breaking those heads maybe I'll be able
to actually get it
out
e
e e
dude the vice is the best okay I didn't
get it out but it is it is uh it is
pretty on there so now we're just going
to put the other one in
no we can't do
that I think that this will be
fine um so
now um
got to do this
again just take these guys
okay did I put it in
backwards oh I
did
bro damn the bolts they gave me are
magnetically
headed that is so clutch
that
okay
now to
be I'm happy that Vice thing well we're
we're about to find out but I'm pretty
sure that that'll work I'm pretty sure
that'll do
oh no my God I'm so bad
bro these crimp connectors will be the
death of me I
swear they are so
bad but I'm too much of a [__]
to for
what you want is something that has like
a t-shape so you put something with a T
in it then you crimp it then you can't
pull
it oh you know what I should do I should
bend this
wire can
I now it can't really be pulled out of
there all right now but now I need to
get some electrical tape
okay good enough
okay hell yeah back on back on track
okay
b one
b two not
cool wait it's assembled all
right oh that's going to be an
issue I don't even think about
that I don't know why I made these legs
so long they really do not
all right not bad nothing catastrophic
is
happening last part of the assembly
I can just tell this thing is not going
to move I can just tell it's not going
to be able to move
this got to get some big ass Motors huh
got to get some big
motors let's do this
okay right and then this
thing needs to sort of be on
here oh no another crimp
connector pull this thing off we're not
going to deal with this I hate these
little plastic stick
things
cramp
cramp cramp it cramp it cramp it cramp
it so we're going to do
this going to bow it
out
okay we're going to
smash this
down smash
that
down then we are going to um well we're
going to
attempt to get
these oh that's I actually did a good
job okay let's just get some electrical
tape on
there um
we really don't need that
much
okay um
oh yeah so now we want to get this thing
on
here well it can't be on here
okay
well we kind of
have oh wait but now we got to do all
the
circuitry
huh oh my God there's so much wiring I
just realized I have to
do okay well the first thing is Let's uh
let's just
um let's just
print the
new oh let's put these
on and then I'm going to print the new
uh feeder
okay right
that
okay so yeah
so
okay so let's just put the feeder that
we have on and I'm going to print out
the new feeder
spe block
um do documents no uh pictures 3D ball
shooter feed block
save then what what was what's up with
this error no I think I think that was
old what did he
say he say go to
objects
oh no way
okay so we want supports on
this that's so sick okay now I get it I
just didn't see how to do it
before uh
lice do we have anything else I need to
print I
don't think so
all right so let's do the wiring I'm
going to put this feed block on
here oh that's what they
yeah this feed block is stupid
man you need to
have you need to have
[Music]
something
that cuz look if I put a ball in here
it's just going to roll to the back oh
wait actually maybe it didn't maybe it
has enough but anyways the point is that
it's lowest point is inside the thing so
to kick it into that thing but let's uh
let's try I'm going to I'm going to drop
it in there from a
height so we go back to Simo
ramp turn on our power supply and we run
[Laughter]
it yeah it's too it's not going to work
whoa okay if we do
this that's fun can you see that on
camera
[Music]
[Laughter]
ah whoa
[Music]
okay let's stop
it all right I'm going to print that I'm
just going to print
that okay so let's do the rest of the
wiring it's going to be brutal
Man actually you know what that means I
want to switch breadboards
N I don't want to do that
man e
so um I'm going to take off the feed
block no no I'm just just going to do
what I don't really want to do which
is wiring this thing
up so we're going to get our other
breadboard I'm just going to take off
this 5 volts
regulator then I'm going to unplug my
Pico
then I'm going
to cut this I
guess see I need a oh I have I probably
have scissors on
this
okay
okay free you're free
okay so
now um we just take all of these
pins
out we'll have to read the spec sheet
again what is this this is
ground get out of there what is this
this goes to the oh wait we got to turn
off the power support
okay just grounds
that okay so wait
actually yeah 12 volts goes to
this this motor this probably
takes 19
volts no but we need more current that's
1.3
amps I never actually put a kilowatt on
the so why don't we do a little test I
just want to see what the current draw
is um so wait so let's just undo
this well okay yeah this is actually a
good test so we're going to take these
out and just Bunch them up and we're
going to see
can the these
steppers even move this thing
I it is unclear to me I think it might
be able to actually do
it so now we want this
one one
here and this
one
on okay then we need our
little power
supply wait what is the voltage that
these steppers take could I just give it
the power
supply cuz that'd be
nice um
12 to
24 but then the motor
driver
a4988 up to 35 volts
eight from okay so cool that's
perfect wait but
uh breadboard traces can't take
one amp at 5 volts five Watts dude
that's H
okay so that means that they could be
introducing resistance and limiting the
Kent probably not
though well any
case
um let's just go with what I know Works
which
is going to plug this
in then we're going to get
this bad
boy we're going to put a kilowatt on
it okay that's off right
now okay so both the
wait okay that should be that should be
fine
I mean presumably the power limit of a
trace is determined by its
cross-sectional
area let's
ask for a trace or
wire the
power
limit is determined by the
cross area
yeah
ampacity okay
ampacity so we are sort of ready to try
this thing
out um
ESP we never got hall effect to work we
never got we did get serial test to work
right this
works I never
actually did
that motor test
if I just run this will it run I need to
turn this on and then I want to
click
amp and then I want to run
okay okay we're going to stop this turn
this off and to write
this like that
turn this back
on turn the amps
run I can't tell it's falling
we're going to do a rist
test no it's definitely skipping
you see how
[Music]
it's oh there we
go wait this looks
loose where's my
five wait hold turn this off
okay let's try that now I feel like that
was actually the
issue well we definitely need slippering
I thought 200 is supposed to be the
uh the full
rotation I don't have any micro stepping
on
oh uh yeah we need to take this off
ah so the height of
that yes we will need
to and I made it taller so that means
that we're even more
limited but if we're just doing this
[Music]
w
oh
[Music]
I think it's 800 steps
per so
M [__] yeah
so wait instead of
M M2 is going to be called
pitch and
M is going to be called
yach let's rerun
this so pitch that move steps
800 we're going to try to do a full
rotation not
bad
yeah
right there's really no reason to make
this thing the whole width of the thing
why don't we
only I
mean I mean
all the wire if we were to do
this all the wires would have to they'd
have to go
through they'd have to go through the
axis of
rotation with a slip
ring and
then the output of the that slip ring
would need to go through another slip
ring that would be pretty cool
though dual
360 okay so let's get the rest of this
thing hooked up
I
think I
want I can't tell what I want I feel
like I want to just use the big power
supply so oh yeah the reason why I want
to use the big power supply is then I
only have to use one thing okay screw it
I'm going to do
it I feel like I feel like there's no
way I'm going to I mean the thing is the
current draw from the Nemos
is 60
milliamps and the current draw from this
is 1 amp but I'm getting it straight
from here so the current that that's
fine so this
needs to
go to
ground let's Okay
um we are going
to take all 10 of these make sure that
they're
then
this will
go
like
this cuz if we go like no let's go like
that no let's go
like these wires are so thick it's kind
of brutal
we also don't have enough
pins okay so we need to switch to the
Pico okay so let's
um so's just take this thing out we're
going to unplug
it Picos are great for breadboards
because they're so thin
okay and where do they go they go to the
second one or the third
one
okay come
on come on get in there get in
there there we go there we go okay okay
so now we need to unplug everything that
was connected to it because those pin
assignments are now
wrong okay
um okay so let me make a little
checklist so that I don't miss anything
so this
thing we need to find a better solution
to this this is the worst thing I've
ever seen in my life
I could do it like
this no I feel like I
still want to do
it let's just lock that
down ho
Mo let's just cut it right now
okay
boom probably want to a little far over
now we don't want it on the
[Music]
screws okay now we just need to do these
10 wires we can get them into the right
spots
okay so we're going to also
take I wonder if I can find a thick
whatever the current draw is so little
okay take the long
end it into
here okay so now
I want to double check the operating
voltage
of this T it takes eight but what about
the P let go what else is on here
no
no 8 to 35 perfect
okay okay so we'll probably have to fix
the directionality
again
and now these need to come out the back
uh I
forget I'm pretty
sure where's my
paper Okay so
oh they're labeled on
here out
[Music]
one wait it literally doesn't matter
they're DC
motors let's just make this correct
though the next thing we need to do I
need to get my
phone and we need to make that we need
to add tracking to it CU now that we've
added is it
touching we need to make it slightly
wider well oh no no we don't let me see
no yeah we
do or we can make it taller we should
make it
taller e
oh
okay cuz we need to have
this so what I'm imagin
let's maybe hop into CAD really quick
well okay let's stay focused we're going
to get this working then we're going to
add the phone tracker and we're going to
reprint this part and we're also going
to reprint oh I'm already printing that
other one okay so
okay first things
first okay so
these wires aren't long enough we're
going to okay so I'm going
to do I still have that
cable okay so I think I'm just going to
use the rest of this and make it real
long this gives me
double so the question
is okay what I'm going to do is I'm just
going to strip it in sections
this is [__]
awesome just
kind got to be real careful though
maybe I could
leave this in the middle
actually no wait but I need more than
just this I need
another I need another
one this thing is labeled
16 I wonder if all of them have
this yeah so we'll need to find a 3x
16 one in our pile of three
prong and it needs to be long too
[Music]
cool oh but that means we got to redo
the crimp you know what that's so lame
I don't want to solder to these I really
don't so I'm going to go look for more
crimp connectors then too because we had
to redo
this can we just make this work this is
like right up here it's
let's make sure that our
cables what if we
did we did
this okay so then Motors there and then
these on top
so then this
one goes in
here okay for
no I didn't get it damn
okay we need it to
go there we go
dude wiring sucks doing wiring is such a
pain cuz it's just like it's just like
busy
work okay so wait these go on top
okay so we have the motors hooked up we
don't have
signal and then we don't have signal to
here and this is going to be the
worst worst
one okay so let's do
signal
first
so let's look up
the
Pico W pin
out
okay oh and then the um
dur is on
top he said dur is
green okay so we
want D is green wait wait what's more
common what's
for a stepper what is the best color for
step
Ender step is blue dur is
white okay so step is blue so that's
fine there is
green so we'll make this gp1
16 and we'll make
this
gp8 so four up one two three
four okay then we need our blue
wires oh and we'll need our um
somewhere I had little wires for all
these I don't really want to do it right
now
okay this is going to be
19 so
step so pitch step is 19
y step is
17 okay so that's hooked
up no wait what the
hell oh it just comes out like that
that's actually kind of
cool wa does it go like this it must go
like
that hold on right let me show you
something cool if you've ever
wondered the how these terminal blocks
are
made you see there there's a notch at
the top and then there's two prongs
pretty thick maybe goldplated or
something no they don't look gold and
then there's another one so you can just
screw into this and you can slot it in
and that's it it's all there is to
it okay
um right so these are both five volts
so I could go try to find some female to
male
jumpers oh
wait oh no yeah that's what I ran out of
okay so five
[Music]
volts that's a 5
volt and
that's a five
volt now now we just need a bunch of
general purpose
pins okay so let's go to the pinout
diagram and we're going to
do um let's get all of this out of the
way in1 is gp15
uh oh that's um that's that's N1
N1 is
gp14
in oh wait no sorry that's in three the
in4
gp13 okay
12 is
N1 or n
N1
11 and
10 and that should be
pin 14 yeah then we just need to
ground
and okay so now we have everything
hooked up but not programmed for the
motor
driver
now let's give power to the breadboard
and then let's um
ground oh in in the jumper thing that's
where
they yeah I need sort of a separate one
for little wires that I can look through
and appropriate size cuz these are twoo
Tangled all right so let's just cut some
more right so we need a a small black
wire
to ground the
Pico oh wait there's one right
here pin
three one two three
okay the Pico is now
grounded
um now we just need
our 3v3 which is five
down and that needs to go
to
here and then I think that's it
I think that's literally it right
because we
have signal to there signal out of
there
power okay I think I want to go get
longer cables for this then I'll do the
programming e
there we go
nice 16 gauge stranded
wire now we just need to get something
that's about that
long the second
one should I test this thing I kind of
want to test it
okay
so
um wait why is
ESP let's make a
um code
do I have the DC
motors
e e
okay I just added some stuff to the bomb
the
bomb let's
go or let's test this thing right so
um turn this off go to our
code code
Pico um
step and d and
shoot okay so
here let's copy
this into step and shoot now this is
going to be
called DC motor
okay and
then
uh so just write it all
down okay so the
the enable
two is
15 enable to N2
15 uh we'll make that a dictionary so
then and then
okay so then that means that in
three is 14 in4 is
13 N1 is 12 11 and 10 yep so this is
right so motor
one
and oh wait is uh 12
13 at
10% bro I'm kind of nervous I really
don't like breaking things I
mean it's just it's just such a headache
when you break things
okay all right so let's see if this
thing spins
up
[Music]
um okay so we're going
to double check everything
and then I want to take a picture of
this
okay oh cool my print is done I don't
know why it always
errors every print I get this stupid fa
failed to pullback filament error if I
just restart it and do un you know I
don't know what c but so let's go get
that that's nice that it's
done
e e
hey
what dude I need to make this way taller
I don't know what I'm I don't know what
I'm
on okay so let's do this
test Moment of Truth
um yeah it always feels so risky and the
higher you go the like
more more risky it feels for some
reason well it's not for some it's
obvious it's like now more effort has
been put into this thing so
um dude I wish wish the power was in the
back
okay power supply
on steppers are
locked wait no they're not are they I
can't
tell I feel like they're on okay so now
we're going to run this code
hello hello God dude what it's
this there we go but it doesn't have the
orange oh and now it doesn't show up at
all come on man all right
hell yeah
[Music]
oh okay I can hear that
that the vibration oh now it's going to
be annoying to get to it
Okay I uh
okay so now we going let's turn this off
for a second
yeah okay so wait can I add to the to-do
let me add to the to-do is um
okay uh but what I want to do is a
reprint bottom plate with
five make the necessary
changes okay then
um yeah then the longer
okay um um there's probably a bunch of
other stuff that I'm forgetting but uh
let's uh go back to the code step and
shoot so now we
need I think it's just called XY
right e
okay but let's
fix this
um and then we'll also have to maybe use
the second core or like do something so
so that we can move and shoot
simultaneously but presumably we can
just turn this on and we don't have to
ever stop
it
um but okay but the pins
are step
pin wait wait
y I think it I think that might be right
actually no that's not right is 16 wait
yah
step y dur is
16 y dur is
16 this is
17 this is 18 and this is
19 cool so now we are not going to do
this and we are just going to do
I'm just going to run this
thing
nice so wait so we can copy that where's
that code that I just wrote
well it doesn't matter
um now we just need to
copy this
yes
[Music]
cool okay so now now we're back to
design work well let let me let me at
least test my fun new thing
cuz you know I did that Loft with guide
rails I got real fancy and CAD for this
part got real fancy
bro okay
[Music]
not
bad not bad I
um so let me Commit This
code uh oh yeah okay wait
um add
phone mount to front
of
the
yeah the what do you call this it's the
central thing it's like the most
important thing
there's a constant trade-off between the
how many Parts I need how many parts I
could use versus you know
um so I'm going to get the longer cables
I guess then I'm going to
um see this one's not labeled this one
doesn't
say oh yeah it does
18 by three 18 would be good enough I'd
be happy with 18 16 is real good um it's
super
thick
um yeah so that we can do
tracking
okay yeah this is pretty long this will
help a lot with this whole thing being
annoying and then the other problem
is I wish okay maybe this is like a big
side quest but I want to be able to
disconnect I wish I had a way to take
the power cables to the DC motors and
just unclip them and clip them
in that'd be a fun little latching
because I've been meaning to do a
latching
design um so let's just
say um
oh yeah let's
uh edit uh search
timeline
script to select the timeline objects to
easily find
them dude that is such a great
script I'm so happy with
that um
okay I'll be
back
e
e e
okay I couldn't find it seems like it's
pretty standard to have 18 American
water gauge for like wall wall stuff but
uh I couldn't find a
16 that being
said it's not really that much of an
issue I mean I just kind of wanted it to
be the same but who really
cares okay let's get this
sized
right well let's
um let's just lob some of this
off where is it
should I just make it really long no I'm
going to make it the same
one
okay for
Dam
it there we
go see if we can get this off probably
not need to do it again
dang I nicked
it whatever nothing some electrical tape
won't
fix for
nice nice okay
cool oh yo sorry I'm has it really been
20 minutes dude I don't think so I think
I you probably checked in at a bad time
because I've been here I just went to
get some more
wires yeah it's been 20 minutes since
the mysterious disappearance flurp
waful dude this is
not
six this is not 18
American war bro this is
so so
thin compared to
this it's red it just looks orange in
the uh it just looks orange in the light
it really does look orange on stream I
actually like how it looks on stream
orange is such a nice color for this
thing I'm going to keep that in mind I
don't think I bought orange but
uh I really really like the look at that
it looks bright in in real life it
doesn't look nearly as good as it looks
on on
stream yeah no I'm looking at it too on
the on OBS it definitely looks Orange
yeah yeah yeah for
sure so basically what we're doing right
now is so okay just for a recap
basically I a couple days ago I
built this top part which without this
since this doesn't really work all that
well uh these spin with motors and you
put a little ball you put one of these
into the sort of the clutch or whatever
you want to call it and it shoots the
ball
forward
um but then I redesigned it so that it
fits on the uh the tracker this so it
now can like oh wait this power supply
is on so now it can
move like
that
um which is
good oh yeah I forgot about the crimp
connectors how am I going to do
that I could solder those but I don't
really want to do
that okay we're going to we're going to
leave these in the bag and we're going
to do this another time because
I don't think I have the things I need
to be able to replace these so that
basically the power wires for the motors
are too short so that when it tries to
like move this way it like pulls
everything so when do I get a US defense
contract
um hopefully soon hopefully soon that
would be freaking
awesome or or yeah yeah yeah like andero
buys me out I would love that that'd be
so sick
honestly there's not a lot of tech here
and it's all open source so there's no
way it's going to be purchased by the
military they they don't they don't
want they don't want code that's been
written by chat GPT and someone that's
never been formally trained to uh to
design their uh their system oh where's
my
breadboard um okay so what's next we
just need to do some more design work I
guess to so the next thing I need to do
is add a little thing that lets me screw
in my phone to the um
um let's see can turn this around this
way so the issue though is right
now it's too uh it's
not it's uh not tall enough so I need to
make the whole
thing
higher I need a stupid acronym for the
thing that's so true man that's such a
good
idea bro coming up with acronym that's
so
funny um what should I come up with
that's so good
bro I got to think on that cuz that's a
tough one I'm going to add that to my
to-do list just come up with an a funny
acronym yeah dude that's so
funny I'll have to think about that I
can't nothing's coming to mind there's
so many things that are coming to mind
but you gotta like work them out
um if you come up with one I would uh I
would love it and I'll credit you in all
the
uh okay what do I need to do is pretty
much just add the phone
holder yeah but the thing is um the
acronym itself has to be something like
silly like
like the boob the bouncy orange
open bot you know it's got to spell out
something hella funny
the boob Mark 2 you know [__] like
that okay um all right let's get on with
it oh yeah actually um I wanted to add
[Music]
um um
um design a mechanism
to
clamp in the DC
motor power connectors for easily
easy the boob mark one is just
um all right this is the boob mark
one no we need to come up with
something or you know it would be great
is one of the
um it's like a it's like a
self-referential acronym like goo G is
not Unix like that's great I love it you
know I love freaking I think that's such
a good
idea um okay wait what was I going to do
yeah I design a mechanism to clamp in
the DC motor power connectors
that's a that's a tough project that's
like a day in itself just getting that
right but that would make this really
easy because then
I guess the way to disconnect this right
now which is honestly not so bad here
I'll I'll document it just for my own
the beep ballistic Electro
enhancer pinpointer that's not bad
the dick the dynamic integrated
controllable
killer lemon poset what's
that is that a
dessert
ooh dude I want to do way more cooking
streams I did one cooking stream and it
was fun I made like a it was it honestly
didn't turn out like all that great but
it was like a bunch of Crepes and then
you like in between the Crepes you put
like chocolate
it was like it was like all right it
wasn't amazing okay so wait here's the
disassembly of the thing
[Music]
so
first power off
wait yep then you disconnect
these honestly this is probably a lame
idea because now I have to like redo
this oh you do dude you should stream
that man I want to see
that what have you made what are your
favorite things to make I want to get
way more into cooking I love
cooking okay so now we can pull these
out then we
take this out and this out and now
now
this is a separate body and this is a
separate
body okay not bad not not not not
bad uh okay so now we can get rid of
this because we don't need it we can put
this thing away
fave to make
ooh teris Su I want to make ter Su that
sounds fun
okay so how much higher does this thing
need to
be I mean this is the position where it
needs to be that's funny cuz it really
only needs to be well no I
guess if we just make it like 50 more 40
more
so what does that mean that
means
um I think that this has its own no it
doesn't so we make a
rectangle then we make an extr
then we ex do
this then we extruded
it motor length plus
plus
40 wait wait but that doesn't need to be
that's not what we need we just need
this hold
on
o marcalo
wine Sherry what is
Sherry Sherry is wine
I am like so uncultured when it comes to
drinking like people are like what is
your drink I'm like dude I have no
idea oh maralo wine is similar to Sherry
wait do you make do you make Marc solo l
or you just like
it oh you using ter Su I didn't know
that okay so yeah all we have to do is
when we place the pillars so that's at
the end which which is
uh I think it's
this wait we projected this
thing we probably projected it from
something
else this this this probably this
so we just need this to
be yeah that is totally arbitrary so
let's just make this
um is there any problems with that if I
save
this and I
this and then I update
this so now it's really high up but the
thing is that might be too high
up yeah that's really high
up um
because the thing is the center of mass
is so high it's going to take so much
force to move those so you actually want
to get that dialed
in was it that or that one I think it's
that
one um I
mean what is 20 Ms where's my calipers
we might be able to reduce it to
20 let's see at what point is it the
most I think it's when it's vertical
right no maybe it's like
that so we probably w't
dang we actually do want it to be like
that we do want it to be a lot
cuz right now the center of mass is
pretty close
to thing 45 is not a bad guess
actually but that's so
hot I mean look at that that's not going
to
work when this thing is bent over oh
yeah I haven't set up the motion links
yet well I guess we got to try it so
okay so now in ball shooter we need to
make a new
component so wait let's move all the way
forward and how are we going to do this
20 mm or 2 cm yeah that's actually dude
that's so
funny those things mean total 20 mm
could be any distance at all and 2 cm
like oh yeah I know what that is
that's so funny units are crazy I feel
like the mind just cannot comprehend
units okay should I just start designing
it
so what I'm imagining is a
plate that sits on the front of
it no yeah
I it it's so funny it's it's kind of
like current currencies or like learning
a language it's
like the thing you know is so embedded
in your brain that the only way that you
can even
conceptualize the other system is in
terms of the one that you know like
there's no other way to do it like if
you tell me like what is
20bs it's not like I can have this I
haven't developed an intuition for like
oh that's a lot that's a little that's
you know
but if I convert it to Dollars then I'm
like
uh yeah Poland used the Euro
right oh wait
uh
wait no you
guys you guys don't use the euro
oh why did I think Poland used the
Euro I guess I just kind of
assumed the
zau
zy Polish has some of the coolest
pronunciation
yeah is there like reform measures do
people want to get the Euro or not get
the I bet
there's I bet there's debate about
that okay let's just try to
um do something
dumb did I make a new component or did I
put it in the wrong spot
I don't think I did anything
yet I mean the simplest thing would be
to just like
use a
webcam but I think I'm going to go with
the phone and the reason for using the
phone is that then the compute the
compute is actually on the axis of on
the moving platform
yeah
exactly well I
mean okay what is the advantage of being
your own currency why did the UK was the
UK ever on the
Euro I forget I feel like they were were
and
then yeah I don't think so
either but presumably your financial
markets are a little bit more liquid if
you
are using the currency that the most
people use
I don't know I'm not really an e
economics person I mean I think it's
interesting but I don't really know
it
[Music]
um
um okay what what is going to
do uh okay so
okay so we're going to
design and what I'm saying is that we do
this
say what
sure then you
extrude this by 3 mm or
so then on
here draw a
rectangle and this is going to be oh
wait um
where is the most recent F phone
holder the most recent phone holder is
probably this is the wrong assembly
what Croatia has their own currency or
they
don't yeah well that's yeah it's how you
do it it's always how you do it okay so
wait
[Music]
um how do we want this to be connected
to this thing
okay then
this
oops I wonder if we could just
this needs to be the height of the
phone how many times have I Googled
pixel 6 in the freaking past uh the
height is 158
so how do we going
to make sure it stays on there we could
add a couple of screw we could add four
screws make this huge
plate honestly I'm kind of down we just
need to get a prototype
printed
oh yeah
okay so yeah so let's just
do this first we're going to on the
holder
uh on this we're going to make a
sketch and at the corners
going to make a
1.5 mle thing and this is going to be
2.5 right and this is going to be
2.5 okay then let's make a
line
here no
then we're just going to project it and
then
honestly I've learned that you kind of
want to
avoid well projection just can lead you
in weird
places okay then
similarly oh wait we could just um we
can just
draw is that really the
midpoint wait the distance from here to
here is 53 and the distance from
here to here
58 so what happens if we mirror this
okay that's
right um so now we just want to extrude
this
out or in
wait but printing this is going to be a
pain in the
butt
well how easy is it to even screw in
do I have one of those I feel like I
probably put them all back
in
um do we have one in here oh yeah we
do I feel like there's no way this is
going to go well
I could just drill I'm just going to
drill so that I don't have to uh print a
a new
part that should be
that could be easy that could be easy I
think I think it's not the hardest thing
to do I just need to clamp it down in a
way
that that'll
work and then the other thing is oh well
I'll have to use the
drill
press the drill press would be the best
thing okay um
I say I say we just do
it okay so now we have these little
holes for mounting there now we
go select
them and then we
um go to the phone
holder and we project them
onto oh project can I
do hey what
oh but see that's
okay let's just do this
okay now what we we need to do is at the
bottom of this thing oh
wait
yeah that should be
fine at the bottom of this
thing we want to put the uh the the
Yol so why don't we just
um why don't we just import this thing
just need the phone holder oh wait but
this phone
holder
uh how do
you right
that's so
annoying okay let's just try to find the
old
one um
pretty sure it's pan holder too
okay so we're going to do this we're
going to in insert this
into ball shooter and we're going to do
a join so we insert
component okay
but we want to break the
uh wait we want to break the
uh
link okay
now we want to take the midpoint of this
thing so hold on let's just do a sketch
take this oh wait let's draw a sketch
onto
here draw a
point finish
sketch
J that goes
to why can't I select this oh
remove
this
sh
okay now
wait wait wait wait undo
that break
link uh
activate uh draw sketch onto here
draw a
point now activate
this draw
sketch
point
oh now finish sketch now we're going to
act go up here join
this and
this now we just need to flip
it and rotate
it okay now we need to do a
combine to join
okay you okay I guess it just keeps it
as a
relic honestly
man honestly
bro
honestly I think I should just try
it but we want cables we want cables
should I make a big bunch of holes
wait that's
great that'll
do I want to set up the motion link
let's see what time it is I got to go
soon maybe I should eat a little
something okay I want to get all this
stuff printed though
though I absolutely need to get the a
feeder system working
okay did I
save wait why didn't it update
oh bro that's
ghetto we need to add a joint
okay now
wait does this work okay why don't I
just copy
this oh wait no [__]
dude what the hell is going on here
where is the stepper is it
here okay so how does the joint need to
be done
no yeah
it's
this just of
there but now
wait is this the right
one oh you know what oh
yeah I was
confused yeah so now uh the joint with
the spur
gear this are there joints associated
with this
okay so that's good so then what is
holding
oops
oh what the
hell wait is this
right no no no no no there's
a we need to
delete wait said that
yes yes so
now uh wait hold on first off this thing
doesn't move
so it's going to say it's already
so that's that is
right except
for there
is a rigid
joint what is that that's with the uh
that's with the
uh that's with the um
okay wait I want to
join this
and
this then I want to move it like two
wait hold on
let's yes I know
I know that honey I know that okay it's
one I got to go back through all the
joints
um oh here we
go for
you know what I want to
undo I want to open this up
[Music]
that is
true oh yeah so that's the wrong
one I'm going to delete
this and
instead we want to
join
this with with
this flip it and then move this by one
and then we want this to be
revolute oh I didn't think about that
well actually I did think about that
yeah so we
can't we can go like way we can go like
way down here
I
think wait how do I get
a so we can get down there but we can't
do that and we can't do that so we have
a pretty good range of motion we just
need to worry about the top
um sweet sweet sweet sweet so now we
just need to do a motion
link it's going to be this
revolute and this
revolute and then we need to now look at
the
gears and so
sweet we're going to see this one's kind
of a gamble but you know we got to
prototype it cuz
otherwise it's not going to
work going to need a really small drill
bit um nice so let's update this
oh is it because I added a joint
somewhere
wait
oh
L okay cool
all right so now how do I drag it though
I can drag this one just
just
fine I think if
I can
I I don't I don't understand why I
can't so what do we do need to do we
just need to print one
thing we just need to print this so so
it's
um it's part of
pitch it's part of the ball
shooter and it is the phone
holder wait why can't I save it dude
sometimes this thing is really annoying
I don't know why you can't save his mesh
with a nested
thing um
wait but wait but let's see what
the oh that's going to be a nightmare to
uh
that's going that's a
nightmare what if
I will that work
is there an option to put a Brim
this is with no
support could work that's kind of a
risky
print the other way it just doesn't
work this such a hack
job oh and what about these these
holes it might be able to do
that okay I'm going to do
it screw it
I'll live life on the edge
all right um
not bad not
bad so I'm going to
um yeah I'm going to do the drilling
now and I guess I'm going to make some
food and end the Stream
got something in my
eye dude whenever they're like out for
delivery or like deliver by 10 p.m. it's
always late in the day I never get it
early in the day I bet there are some
people who they have their routes
planned and they get it early in the day
cuz it's nearby
the the
site
e e
okay uh let's disconnect
it wait how do we want to do this
actually we need to
do that is also the problem is as you
scale up the number of parts and
everything like you're constantly
assembling and disassembling the thing
that's so funny
oops okay will it Focus or
no
hello is anybody home
Jesus okay okay not fun
guys that's not nice
okay so now we have this top plate now
we take
off pleas
which is great because now we can take
off
this which means we can take out
this yeah it's funny how heavy these
motors are so now we can take
out
these it's really the flat side that has
all the forel
okay and now we need these
oh wait so now would be a good time to
uh
yeah try to take out all of these uh
wires and redo the wires so before I put
this back together
there's the fourth
one what the hell
bro wait there's only three where's the
fourth one oh here it is
okay so
now
now we are almost done
oh we can't get this thing off of here I
totally forgot I want to try one more
time
actually oh wait let's use
nice let's see how can we push this out
of
that's
crazy well anyways we don't really need
it to do the
drilling
so we're going to put it on the drill
press like this and then we're going to
drill very small
holes into these four
corners
for
e
e e
okay I just use a normal drill because I
first off I don't know how to control
the speed on that drill press it moves
like super slow so I just put it and the
thing is it's so much easier to just use
a vice oh also what is that thing called
is it called a vice
grip yeah it's called a vice
grip those things are awesome so I was
able to get that broken screw out of
there which is really
great not that I'm really going to be
able
to well maybe
so we can just put this all back
together
right
let's
there should be fine
m
let's see here where did I put that
Servo
motor I really like these screws I've
used
I've I don't know what they are actually
you know what I should measure
them I think they're like
three no they're like
two I don't even know if they're metric
I would assume they
are yeah something like
two me whatever and then their
length yeah like 11
and the head is two the head is one
maybe yeah I like these a
lot oh no
the thing is one was sufficient
but
whatever okay so I guess I'm putting
this back no I can't put this back
together well let's see how long how
long until my print is done
an hour and a
half it's
four I don't have time
okay so what I'm going to
do is I'm going to try to
uh get all of these guys out of here
I think I just sort of used too thick a
wire I think they I think if I used 18
gauge wire it would have worked a lot
better I wonder if
I do this just a smidge
I don't really understand what it's
hitting e
I wonder if I can slip something in
there like a flathead I don't know where
I put my Flathead
now he this oh wait you know
what this Leatherman is going to be
freaking awesome
this tiny little Flathead
thing it's not that
big I
think now we need to do this
one
H okay now it's surely going to come off
okay cool
nice so now we got to think about dude
this tool this single tool has been like
so valuable tiny little screwdriver it's
so freaking useful oh I forgot I could
have done it like this
too
[Music]
shut
okay I don't know where the other one
went I think it's in one of these
here is this a standard I don't know is
this a standard connector
okay I should probably get cleaned up
and go and eat
something
um oh here's the last
one okay
m
[Music]
okay
okay they served me
well but
um let me just learn something instead
of doing
random
e e
okay
um I have these uh 775 DC motors and the
power connectors they have on them
they're kind of like an O shape and
they're plated in Gold I wonder I'm
wondering if that's like a standard
connection type uh it came with these
crimp connectors but I really don't like
the crimp connectors because they're too
per
basically uh for the assembly that I'm
building I want to be able to separate
the electronics and the mechanical stuff
including the motors easily so I want a
like I was thinking of maybe designing
some sort of
3D
printable housing that allows me
to uh you know easily take on and off
the connector and still be a reliable
electrical connection I'm wondering if
something like that exists and yeah if
this is a common connector
type bring
terminals quick disconnect connectors or
bullet connectors
quick disconnect
connected
e e
oh yeah something with a little lever on
it yeah that's a good idea
okay
oh nice okay I have one last thing that
I can do then I'm going to put all this
stuff away so wait hold
on
okay for
okay so I
got two
things I got this USBC to micro USB
thing and we're going to
see if I plug in
my
phone into one
side and the ESP into the other does it
turn
on I don't get it I don't get it oh wait
it did turn on
open serial USB terminal is that the
name of that
app oh [__] yeah hell yeah bro okay
sick that's big that's big news so this
works that is really really cool
okay now the other thing that we want to
try so that's big hell
yeah now the other thing that we want to
try
is this other thing that I
got which is
a couple of okay I only got two of
them that's
fine they came with some headers that's
nice it's a tiny
little
um these are right angle ones how you
supposed to do this you're supposed to
print it do it like
that or you supposed to do it
like that's probably the stupidest thing
you could
do oh yeah that's a stupidest
one you probably want to do it like this
where it's
like you can't even see it but
whatever so then you can plug it in
like this and it takes
only
whatever
um this I kind of want to save for
another time
should I go solder these and try to get
this
working I don't know what all the six
pins
are I mean I know what 5 Vols 3
volts ground R I don't know what DTR is
really and then rxi and T
txd um and then it even has these LEDs
on it I guess for when RX or TX goes
High that's pretty
cool
uh dude pcbs are so fun I love these
little pcbs too they're just like so
cute
um okay so I don't want to lose these
I'm going to go get a Ziploc bag and put
these in there
we're not going to mess with them today
but
I do want to
see how that
works show me a micropython example
where uh I I because I just got this
CP
2102 uh USB to art
thing and I want to know how do I do
communication with my
Pico uh the use case that I'm going to
be doing is I'm going to be
sending
um well two signals
basically uh uh I don't know what the
best way to do it is but I I I want to
tell the Pico
to control the yaw and the pitch of two
stepper Motors and I basically want to
say move this many steps for each motor
uh but only only
on an event that happens on my phone so
it's not going to be happening in a loop
well I guess it will be I don't even
think that's relevant
oh yeah so you just do art. read line.
decode into utf8 and then strip the new
line that's easy
right and all I have to do is
write
um so I wonder what happens if I
take this
chip and I
um plug in this thing
but I don't even think I need to do this
anymore I'm really happy that the
uh because that means I could flash this
thing from my phone if I download the
micro python for the given thing it's I
mean
it's nice cool so it opened as a uh here
wait let me just
pry freaking cool man pretty [__]
cool that is really
cool wait what did it
say it
said
cp2102 oh is there a CP 2102 on this
thing that's probably what it
is oh yeah okay so that's funny
so on the esp32 there is one of these
chips so why did I buy this thing I have
no
idea what
what okay well
whatever that's pretty pretty
cool all right so we're just going to
try to
um all right so I'm just going to clean
up I'm gonna end the stream
now okay so oh wait so we'll just put
this um in this Ziploc bag
or wait hold
on I'll put it back in
here all right all right all right time
to start the cleanup process so
oh
boy I'm gonna I'm just going to put most
of the stuff back together so it's at
least in one unit should I do that I
feel like that's
dumb then I just got to take it apart
again well let's at least put this
let's at least
do
this well if I'm going to do that all
right I'm just going to put it
back cuz then all the parts are in the
right place and everything
hello oh it's uh it's kind of uh in dis
disassembly